Add composite example (#944)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/examples/sharp-immersed-boundary/simple-plane-model-from-composite/simple-plane-model-from-composite.rst

This example presents the creation of a simple plane model using a composite shape. This example does a step-by-step of the shape creation. This plane is not a real model. The parameter used only aims at showcasing the different operations of the composite shape creation. The final product will look similar to the following image.

.. image:: images/full_plane.png
   :alt: full_plane
   :align: center
   :name: full_plane

------------------------------------
Creation of the Composite Shape File
------------------------------------

The shape is created in two steps inspired by the GMSH syntax.

1. Basic shape definitions. Shapes are defined with different parameters: shape ID, shape type, arguments, position, and orientation.
2. Boolean operations definitions. Operations are defined by: operation ID, operation type, shape 1 ID, shape 2 ID. 

Shapes and boolean operations each have an ID, and boolean operations can reference previous operations to build upon them. The final shape obtained is the product of the operation with the largest ID. To facilitate shape creation, we start indexing the operations form ID 30. This index is much larger than the number of primitives used.
 

> All the shape is placed in the reference frame of the composite shape that can then be moved depending on the position and orientation of the shape prescribed in the parameter file of the case. Here, we only focus on the step-by-step operation required to generate this complex shape.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the shape are placed in the reference frame of the composite shape which can then be moved depending on the position and orientation of the shape prescribed in the parameter file of the case. Here, we only focus on the step-by-step operation required to generate this complex shape.
```

.. Note:: 

>     This model uses multiple shapes that are referred to as superquadric ellipsoids. This superquadric shape has at least two axes defined using a 2-order power. Any slice of this type of superquadric, parallel to the plane defined by these two axes, is an ellipse. If the remaining axis as a higher power then the shape will tend toward an extrusion of an elipse with a rounded tip. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This model uses multiple shapes that are referred to as superquadric ellipsoids. This superquadric shape has at least two axes defined using a 2-order power. Any slice of this type of superquadric, parallel to the plane defined by these two axes, is an ellipse. If the remaining axis has a higher power then the shape will tend toward an extrusion of an ellipse with a rounded tip. 
```

The ``plane.composite`` file contains these instructions. The plane along the X-axis, and the positive Z-axis is in the above direction of the plane. The Y axis point in the left direction of the plane.

.. warning:: 
    The human interpretation of the composite files is cumbersome. For this reason we comments each lines.

.. code-block:: text

    shapes
    0; superquadric; 0.3:2.5:0.05:2:6:2; 0.1:0:0 ; 0:-0.05:0.25 # Full left wing 

>     1; hyper rectangle; 5:5:5;0:-5:0 ; 0:0:0 # Cube to trim of the right side of the left wing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1; hyper rectangle; 5:5:5;0:-5:0 ; 0:0:0 # Cube to trim off the right side of the left wing
```

    2; superquadric; 0.3:2.5:0.05:2:6:2; 0.1:0:0 ; 0:-0.05:-0.25 # Full right wing 

>     3; hyper rectangle; 5:5:5;0:5:0 ; 0:0:0 # Cube to trim of the left side of the right wing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3; hyper rectangle; 5:5:5;0:5:0 ; 0:0:0 # Cube to trim off the left side of the right wing
```

>     4; superquadric; 1.5:0.3:0.3:3:2:2; -0.25:0:0 ; 0:0:0 # Fuselabe of the plane

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4; superquadric; 1.5:0.3:0.3:3:2:2; -0.25:0:0 ; 0:0:0 # Fuselage of the plane
```

    5; superquadric; 0.15:0.05:0.5:2:2:6; -1.75:0:0.4 ; 0:-0.5:0 # Tail wing vertical plan
    6; superquadric; 0.15:0.5:0.05:2:6:2; -1.85:0:0.6 ; 0:0:0 # Tail wing horizontal plan
    7; superquadric; 0.3:0.1:0.1:5:2:2; -1.25:0.3:0.3 ; 0:0:0 # Left engine shape
    8; cylinder; 0.05:1; -1.25:0.3:0.3 ; 0:1.57079632679:0 # Left engine hole
    9; superquadric; 0.3:0.1:0.1:5:2:2; -1.25:-0.3:0.3 ; 0:0:0 # Right engine shape
    10; cylinder; 0.05:1; -1.25:-0.3:0.3 ; 0:1.57079632679:0 # Right engine hole
    11; superquadric; 0.1:0.03:0.25:6:2:2;  -1.25:0.15:0.15 ; -0.78539816:0:0 # Left engine link
    12; superquadric; 0.1:0.03:0.25:6:2:2;  -1.25:-0.15:0.15 ; 0.78539816:0:0 # Right engine link
    operations

>     30; difference  ; 1:0 # Trim of the left wing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    30; difference  ; 1:0 # Trim off the left wing
```

>     31; difference  ; 3:2 # Trim of the right wing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    31; difference  ; 3:2 # Trim off the right wing
```

>     32; union       ; 30:31 # Combined the two wings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    32; union       ; 30:31 # Combine the two wings
```

>     33; union       ; 32:4 # Combined the wings with the plane fuselage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    33; union       ; 32:4 # Combine the wings with the plane fuselage
```

>     34; union       ; 33:5 # Combined vertical part of the tail wing with the fuselage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    34; union       ; 33:5 # Combine vertical part of the tail wing with the fuselage
```

>     35; union       ; 34:6 # Combined horizontal part of the tail wing with the fuselage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    35; union       ; 34:6 # Combine horizontal part of the tail wing with the fuselage
```

    36; difference  ; 8:7 # Hole in the left engine

>     37; union       ; 35:36 # Combined left engine with the fuselage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    37; union       ; 35:36 # Combine left engine with the fuselage
```

    38; difference  ; 10:9 # Hole in the right engine

>     39; union       ; 37:38 # Combined right engine with the fuselage and the other engine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    39; union       ; 37:38 # Combine right engine with the fuselage and the other engine
```

>     40; difference     ; 7:11 # Trim of the left engine link with the engine shape

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    40; difference     ; 7:11 # Trim off the left engine link with the engine shape
```

>     41; difference     ; 9:12 # Trim of the right engine link with the engine shape

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    41; difference     ; 9:12 # Trim off the right engine link with the engine shape
```

    42; union     ; 39:40 # Combine the left engine link with the rest of the plane
    43; union     ; 42:41 # Combine the right engine link with the rest of the plane
  

> Lets right this file step-by-step Line-by-line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let us read this file step-by-step Line-by-line:
```

> 1. First, we create the left wing. This wing is created using a superquadric ellipsoids shape. Along the cord, we use an elongated ellipsoid with lengths 0.6 and 0.1 thickness. In the wingspane direction, the wing is defined by a 6-order power superquadric with a half wingspan of 2.5. We then tilt the wing backward by 0.25 rad and give a small angle of attack of 0.05 rad. Since the wing is now tilted backward, the right side of the superquadric shape is undesirable, so we remove it using a hypercube to trim the right side of the wing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. First, we create the left wing. This wing is created using a superquadric ellipsoid shape. Along the cord, we use an elongated ellipsoid with length 0.6 and 0.1 thickness. In the wingspan direction, the wing is defined by a 6-order power superquadric with a half wingspan of 2.5. We then tilt the wing backward by 0.25 rad and give a small angle of attack of 0.05 rad. Since the wing is now tilted backward, the right side of the superquadric shape is undesirable, so we remove it using a hypercube to trim the right side of the wing.
```

.. code-block:: text

    shapes
    0; superquadric; 0.3:2.5:0.05:2:6:2; 0.1:0:0 ; 0:-0.05:0.25 # Full left wing 

>     1; hyper rectangle; 5:5:5;0:-5:0 ; 0:0:0 # Cube to trim of the right side of the left wing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1; hyper rectangle; 5:5:5;0:-5:0 ; 0:0:0 # Cube to trim off the right side of the left wing
```

    operations

>     30; difference  ; 1:0 # Trim of the left wing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    30; difference  ; 1:0 # Trim off the left wing
```

This step gives us the first wing of the plane.

.. image:: images/left_wing.png
   :alt: left_wing
   :align: center
   :name: left_wing
   

> 2. We repeat the same operation for the right wing and add a union of the and right wing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. We repeat the same operation for the right wing and add a union of the left and right wing.
```

.. code-block:: text

    shapes
    0; superquadric; 0.3:2.5:0.05:2:6:2; 0.1:0:0 ; 0:-0.05:0.25 # Full left wing 

>     1; hyper rectangle; 5:5:5;0:-5:0 ; 0:0:0 # Cube to trim of the right side of the left wing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1; hyper rectangle; 5:5:5;0:-5:0 ; 0:0:0 # Cube to trim off the right side of the left wing
```

    2; superquadric; 0.3:2.5:0.05:2:6:2; 0.1:0:0 ; 0:-0.05:-0.25 # Full right wing 

>     3; hyper rectangle; 5:5:5;0:5:0 ; 0:0:0 # Cube to trim of the left side of the right wing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3; hyper rectangle; 5:5:5;0:5:0 ; 0:0:0 # Cube to trim off the left side of the right wing
```

    operations

>     30; difference  ; 1:0 # Trim of the left wing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    30; difference  ; 1:0 # Trim off the left wing
```

>     31; difference  ; 3:2 # Trim of the right wing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    31; difference  ; 3:2 # Trim off the right wing
```

>     32; union       ; 30:31 # Combined the two wings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    32; union       ; 30:31 # Combine the two wings
```

This step gives us the first wing of the plane.

.. image:: images/both_wing.png
   :alt: both_wing
   :align: center
   :name: both_wing

> 3. Next, we add the fuselage of the plane. We approximate the fuselage with a circular superquadric shape with a length of 3 and a radius of 0.3. On the length of the plane, the superquadric of power 3. We want the wings to be a bit more at the front of the fuselage, so we move the fuselage slightly backward by 0.25. We then add the combination of the wings and the fuselage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Next, we add the fuselage of the plane. We approximate the fuselage with a circular superquadric shape with a length of 3 and a radius of 0.3. On the length of the plane, the superquadric is of power 3. We want the wings to be a bit more at the front of the fuselage, so we move the fuselage slightly backward by 0.25. We then add the combination of the wings and the fuselage.
```

.. code-block:: text

    shapes
    0; superquadric; 0.3:2.5:0.05:2:6:2; 0.1:0:0 ; 0:-0.05:0.25 # Full left wing 

>     1; hyper rectangle; 5:5:5;0:-5:0 ; 0:0:0 # Cube to trim of the right side of the left wing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1; hyper rectangle; 5:5:5;0:-5:0 ; 0:0:0 # Cube to trim off the right side of the left wing
```

    2; superquadric; 0.3:2.5:0.05:2:6:2; 0.1:0:0 ; 0:-0.05:-0.25 # Full right wing 

>     3; hyper rectangle; 5:5:5;0:5:0 ; 0:0:0 # Cube to trim of the left side of the right wing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3; hyper rectangle; 5:5:5;0:5:0 ; 0:0:0 # Cube to trim off the left side of the right wing
```

>     4; superquadric; 1.5:0.3:0.3:3:2:2; -0.25:0:0 ; 0:0:0 # Fuselabe of the plane

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4; superquadric; 1.5:0.3:0.3:3:2:2; -0.25:0:0 ; 0:0:0 # Fuselage of the plane
```

    operations

>     30; difference  ; 1:0 # Trim of the left wing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    30; difference  ; 1:0 # Trim off the left wing
```

>     31; difference  ; 3:2 # Trim of the right wing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    31; difference  ; 3:2 # Trim off the right wing
```

>     32; union       ; 30:31 # Combined the two wings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    32; union       ; 30:31 # Combine the two wings
```

>     33; union     ; 32:4 # Combined the wings with the plane fuselage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    33; union     ; 32:4 # Combine the wings with the plane fuselage
```

Reviewer: I think the code block command did not work, maybe it's a question of syntax, but the code looks different than above

This step gives us the following wings an fuselage of the plane.

.. image:: images/wings_and_fuselage.png
   :alt: wings_and_fuselage
   :align: center
   :name: wings_and_fuselage
   

> 4. We continue with the addition of the tailwind. The tail wing is made from a combination of two superquadric ellipsoid shapes, one for the vertical plane of the tail wing and one for the horizontal plane of the tailwind. Along the cord of these sections, the shapes are made from elongated ellipsoids with a minor axis of 0.1 and a main axis of 0.3. The span of both shapes is defined using a 6-order power of length 1. The position is adjusted to fit with the tail of the fuselage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. We continue with the addition of the tail wing. The tail wing is made from a combination of two superquadric ellipsoid shapes, one for the vertical plane of the tail wing and one for the horizontal plane of the tailwind. Along the cord of these sections, the shapes are made from elongated ellipsoids with a minor axis of 0.1 and a main axis of 0.3. The span of both shapes is defined using a 6-order power of length 1. The position is adjusted to fit with the tail of the fuselage.
```

> .. code-block:: text

Reviewer: Same remarks as above for the code, copy-pasting will do the work

    operations
    30; difference  ; 1:0 # Trim of the left wing
    31; difference  ; 3:2 # Trim of the right wing
    32; union       ; 30:31 # Combined the two wings
    33; union       ; 32:4 # Combined the wings with the plane fuselage
    34; union       ; 33:5 # Combined vertical part of the tail wing with the fuselage
    35; union       ; 34:6 # Combined horizontal part of the tail wing with the fuselage

This step gives us the following plane without engines.

.. image:: images/plane_without_engine.png
   :alt: plane_without_engine
   :align: center
   :name: plane_without_engine
   

5. The next step is the addition of the two engines. To keep the model relatively simple, the engines are defined by a simple circular superquadric shape with a hole at the center. The radius of the engine is 0.1, and the length is 0.6. The superquadric power used for the superquadric axis is 5. The engine's position is adjusted to fit the plane model, with a 45-degree angle with the center of the fuselage. The hole inside the superquadric shape is obtained using a long cylinder of radius 0.05 centered on the same axis. 

> .. code-block:: text

Reviewer: Same remarks as above for the code, copy-pasting will do the work

=====================================================================================
Simple Plane Model From Composite
=====================================================================================

> This example aims to showcase the vast possibilities of objects that can be defined using the composite shape in the sharp immersed boundary solver. It also aims to give an example of the type of operations that can be made from this geometry.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example aims to showcase the vast possibilities of objects that can be defined using the composite shape in the sharp immersed boundary solver. It also aims to give an example of the type of operations that can be made on these geometries.
```

----------------------------------
Features
----------------------------------
- Solvers: ``lethe-fluid-sharp``
- Geometry definition

----------------------------
Files Used in This Example
----------------------------

* Parameter file: ``/examples/sharp-immersed-boundary/simple-plane-model-from-composite/plane.prm``
* Composite geometry file: ``/examples/sharp-immersed-boundary/simple-plane-model-from-composite/plane.composite``

-----------------------
Description of the Case
-----------------------

> This example presents the creation of a simple plane model using a composite shape. This example does a step-by-step of the shape creation. This plane is not a real model. The parameter used only aims at showcasing the different operations of the composite shape creation. The final product will look as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example presents the creation of a simple plane model using a composite shape. This example does a step-by-step creation of the shape. This plane is not a real model. The parameter used only aims at showcasing the different operations of the composite shape creation. The final product will look as follows:
```

.. image:: images/full_plane.png
   :alt: full_plane
   :align: center
   :name: full_plane

------------------------------------
Creation of the Composite Shape File
------------------------------------

The shape is created in two steps inspired by the GMSH syntax.

1. Basic shape definitions. Shapes are defined with different parameters: shape ID, shape type, arguments, position, and orientation.
2. Boolean operations definitions. Operations are defined by: operation ID, operation type, shape 1 ID, shape 2 ID. 

> Shapes and boolean operations each have an ID, and boolean operations can reference previous operations to build upon them. The final shape obtained is the product of the operation with the largest ID. To facilitate shape creation, we start indexing the operations form ID 30. This index is much larger than the number of primitives used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Shapes and boolean operations each have an ID, and boolean operations can reference previous operations to build upon them. The final shape obtained is the product of the operation with the largest ID. To facilitate shape creation, we start indexing the operations from ID 30. This index is much larger than the number of primitives used.
```
This is kinda random right. Why not 100? Or this ID just arbitrary?
